---
title: Tally
date: 2024-09-01T00:00:00.000Z
excerpt: Reconcile commissions payments with CRM sales.
draft:
seo:
  title:
  description:
  image: # portfolio/sl1-dashboards-1.png
images: # relative to /src/assets/images/
  feature: portfolio/tally-1.png
  thumb: portfolio/tally-1.png
#   slide:
tags:
  - ProductManager
  - InteractionDesigner
  - Webapp
  - UPSTACKPM
---

## Wait... then Hurry Up!

UPSTACK is not a Product Company.
We are a Sales Agency focused on Customer Experience, with the vision to grow into a Technology Platform.
Our Technology Department is on a long road of cultural shifts and foundations laid in order to get moving in this direction. Complicating matters is the dozens of acquisitions we have made to fold small agencies under our umbrella---bringing together data stored in wildly different schemas and levels of accuracy.

Our most signficant data source is of course Salesforce CRM. Even as our Innovation Program's Dataiku project has reduced the pain of migration, we needed a fresh start.

Enter **Route 1**. This project is a "File > New" Salesforce instance, custom-built from the ground-up to establish the way that we will align to work as **One UPSTACK**. One of the design goals of course was to keep things as technically Salesforce-native as possible, customizing the most critical parts to our business and workflows.

But the Commissions Operations team has to connect it with another system to reconcile payments and hunt down issues, and that was a level of complexity that was never best-fit to jam into Salesforce. Many of us saw it coming—--we will need a custom-built tool to optimize the workflows for our most critical back-office function. Once leadership finally agreed to fund the project, we were already behind the eight-ball with the expectation to go live in half a year.

## Zero to One

I didn't know a thing about commissions reconciliation, or payment splits, or account merges. Good thing our visionary [Jade](https://jts.ltd) had built the market-leading company in this industry.

We teamed up to execute this business-critical project with our outstanding App Dev engineering team.
